GENERAL
1. "Act as if what you do makes a difference. IT DOES." - William James
2. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the COURAGE TO CONTINUE that counts." - Winston Churchill
3. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
4. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
5. "I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
6. "It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome." - William James
7. "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your BALANCE, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
8. "Nothing is IMPOSSIBLE. The word itself says I'M POSSIBLE!" - Audrey Hepburn
9. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a NEW DREAM." - C.S. Lewis
10. "It isn't where you come from. It's where you are going that counts." - Ella Fitzgerald
EDUCATION
11. "Education is the movement from darkness to light." - Allan Bloom
12. "You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward." - Conrad Hall
13. "It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle
14. "Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence." - Abigail Adams
15. "Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." - Malcom Forbes
16. "Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself." - John Dewey
17. "Learning never exhausts the mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
18. "Try to learn something about everything and everything about something." - Thomas Huxley
19. "Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." - Benjamin Franklin
20. "Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer." - William S. Burroughs
EXERCISE
21. "Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." - Jim Rohn
22. "Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever." - Lance Armstrong
23. "Eighty percent of success is showing up" - Woody Allen
24. "It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor." - Cicero
25. "The first wealth is health." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
26. "Those who do not find time for exercise will have to find time for illness." - Edward Stanley
27. "If something stands between you and your success, move it. Never be denied." - Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
28. "Don't be afraid of failure. This is the way to succeed." - LeBron James
29. "Most people give up right before the big break comes - don't let that person be you." - Michael Boyle
30. "Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." - Michael Jordan
